This is not a great final boss. I say
that with love and respect. What we can
all agree is one of the greatest games
of all time. This game blows. Hold on.
Here's the thing. You would have to
convince me that the memories I had with
my brother playing this game weren't the
best. You have to convince me that I
actually hated spending time with my
brother. That like when we would get
pizza on a Friday from Steve's Pizza and
we would go to the upstairs room and
play this game for hours and he would
mostly play it cuz I never I wasn't
good. It shows. All right. You're going
to look me in the mouth and you're going
to say that my brother is a terrible
person. All right. Your brother secretly
hated every [laughter] minute of this.
No, I didn't. No, I loved it.
Hello? Hey Dave, I have a very quick
question for you. Yeah? Do you remember
us playing the Donkey Kong Country 3
together as a kid where we would go like
get pizza on a Friday and what was that
experience like for you? Particularly uh
playing with me.
>> Yeah, that's like uh
highlight of childhood.
>> Yes.
>> Like and I don't know if it's like
specifically like Donkey Kong, really
any of the Donkey Kongs, any pizza
place, but like that what you're
describing is like [music] the thing
that my adult life has seen that
happiness. That was the happiest time in
my life.
>> And Yeah? me being there, that was good.
Hello? Yeah, yeah?
You would play with other friends, but
like us us, you and me. No other friends
were around.
>> Yeah, you were you were definitely there
for a bunch of those. Yeah. All of those
factors came together to make that
meaningful memory. If you were to take
any one of those pieces away, it would
crumble like a house of cards. Yeah, I
mean there were many of those things
that you described that I liked.
>> [laughter]
>> It was great. When you were there, I
thought it was I was pretty I was PRETTY
GOOD.
>> GREAT. THANK YOU. Thank you. Thank you.
That's what we're taking away. Clip that
moment, editors. Go ahead and cut the
rest of this.